# ET712_Project3
Web Design Capstone Project   The Web Design capstone project is a complete client project in Web design, from concept to the final presentation of a series of client pieces. Students work closely with the department head using a full project brief to create information design concepts, a complete Web site and associated graphics, and a banner advertisement. The project is executed in three stages with feedback and a discussion at each stage. Students are expected to discuss, present, and critique their work with the highest level of professionalism, and implement research strategies that contribute to the overall finished project.        Creative Brief:   1. Background: Who is the client? What is the product, service, etc.? Is there any supporting research, reports, etc. to inform the design?   2. Overview/Goals: What is the website trying to achieve? What's the value proposition to users? Short and long-term goals?   3. Audience: Who are we talking to? Why should they care? What should they think of us?   4. Competitors: Who is the competition? What are the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats on both sides? What are they telling the audience that we should also? What differentiates us from them?   5. Message/Tone: What exactly are we saying? How should we be communicating? In the language already developed? What adjectives describe the feeling or approach? What do we want audiences to take away?   6. Visuals: Are we developing new images or using existing ones? If we are creating them, who/what/where are we photographing or illustrating? Do you have any examples of designs you think illustrate an appropriate visual direction?   7. Details: What features must we include? List of deliverables? Preconceived ideas? Any restrictions or things to avoid? Timeline, schedule, budget?   8. Company Contacts: Who do we report to? Who approves the work? Who needs to be informed of progress?
